fallondo/better/ores/items/Ruby.java
 fallondo.better.ores.items.Ruby
fallondo/better/ores/blocks/TopazBlock.java
 fallondo.better.ores.blocks.TopazBlock
fallondo/better/ores/blocks/SilverOre.java
 fallondo.better.ores.blocks.SilverOre
fallondo/better/ores/items/RoseGoldIngot.java
 fallondo.better.ores.items.RoseGoldIngot
fallondo/better/ores/blocks/PrasioliteSlab.java
 fallondo.better.ores.blocks.PrasioliteSlab
fallondo/better/ores/blocks/SulfurOre.java
 fallondo.better.ores.blocks.SulfurOre
fallondo/better/ores/blocks/PrasioliteOre.java
 fallondo.better.ores.blocks.PrasioliteOre
fallondo/better/ores/items/tools/MithrilToolMaterial.java
 fallondo.better.ores.items.tools.MithrilToolMaterial
fallondo/better/ores/items/tools/TopazToolMaterial.java
 fallondo.better.ores.items.tools.TopazToolMaterial
fallondo/better/ores/blocks/CitrinePillar.java
 fallondo.better.ores.blocks.CitrinePillar
fallondo/better/ores/items/TitaniumIngot.java
 fallondo.better.ores.items.TitaniumIngot
fallondo/better/ores/blocks/PrasioliteBlock.java
 fallondo.better.ores.blocks.PrasioliteBlock
fallondo/better/ores/armor/SteelArmorMaterial.java
 fallondo.better.ores.armor.SteelArmorMaterial
fallondo/better/ores/blocks/CopperOre.java
 fallondo.better.ores.blocks.CopperOre
fallondo/better/ores/items/tools/RubyToolMaterial.java
 fallondo.better.ores.items.tools.RubyToolMaterial
fallondo/better/ores/blocks/AmetrineOre.java
 fallondo.better.ores.blocks.AmetrineOre
fallondo/better/ores/items/CobaltIngot.java
 fallondo.better.ores.items.CobaltIngot
fallondo/better/ores/items/SteelIngot.java
 fallondo.better.ores.items.SteelIngot
fallondo/better/ores/items/Sulfur.java
 fallondo.better.ores.items.Sulfur
fallondo/better/ores/blocks/SmoothAmetrineBlock.java
 fallondo.better.ores.blocks.SmoothAmetrineBlock
fallondo/better/ores/items/PlatinumIngot.java
 fallondo.better.ores.items.PlatinumIngot
fallondo/better/ores/armor/TopazArmorMaterial.java
 fallondo.better.ores.armor.TopazArmorMaterial
fallondo/better/ores/blocks/SmoothPrasioliteBlock.java
 fallondo.better.ores.blocks.SmoothPrasioliteBlock
fallondo/better/ores/items/PainiteIngot.java
 fallondo.better.ores.items.PainiteIngot
fallondo/better/ores/armor/EnderiteArmorMaterial.java
 fallondo.better.ores.armor.EnderiteArmorMaterial
fallondo/better/ores/items/tools/CustomAxeItem.java
 fallondo.better.ores.items.tools.CustomAxeItem
fallondo/better/ores/items/TinIngot.java
 fallondo.better.ores.items.TinIngot
fallondo/better/ores/blocks/CitrineBlock.java
 fallondo.better.ores.blocks.CitrineBlock
fallondo/better/ores/blocks/AmetrineStairs.java
 fallondo.better.ores.blocks.AmetrineStairs
fallondo/better/ores/items/Carbon.java
 fallondo.better.ores.items.Carbon
fallondo/better/ores/blocks/MithrilOre.java
 fallondo.better.ores.blocks.MithrilOre
fallondo/better/ores/blocks/RubyBlock.java
 fallondo.better.ores.blocks.RubyBlock
fallondo/better/ores/items/EnderitePickaxe.java
 fallondo.better.ores.items.EnderitePickaxe
fallondo/better/ores/blocks/PrasiolitePillar.java
 fallondo.better.ores.blocks.PrasiolitePillar
fallondo/better/ores/blocks/SmoothCitrineBlock.java
 fallondo.better.ores.blocks.SmoothCitrineBlock
fallondo/better/ores/items/EnderiteScrap.java
 fallondo.better.ores.items.EnderiteScrap
fallondo/better/ores/items/SilverIngot.java
 fallondo.better.ores.items.SilverIngot
fallondo/better/ores/armor/MithrilArmorMaterial.java
 fallondo.better.ores.armor.MithrilArmorMaterial
fallondo/better/ores/items/Painite.java
 fallondo.better.ores.items.Painite
fallondo/better/ores/mixin/LaunchMod.java
 fallondo.better.ores.mixin.LaunchMod
fallondo/better/ores/items/Topaz.java
 fallondo.better.ores.items.Topaz
fallondo/better/ores/items/EnderiteIngot.java
 fallondo.better.ores.items.EnderiteIngot
fallondo/better/ores/blocks/PainiteOre.java
 fallondo.better.ores.blocks.PainiteOre
fallondo/better/ores/blocks/ChiseledPrasioliteBlock.java
 fallondo.better.ores.blocks.ChiseledPrasioliteBlock
fallondo/better/ores/items/AluminiumIngot.java
 fallondo.better.ores.items.AluminiumIngot
fallondo/better/ores/items/CitrineShard.java
 fallondo.better.ores.items.CitrineShard
fallondo/better/ores/blocks/AmetrineSlab.java
 fallondo.better.ores.blocks.AmetrineSlab
fallondo/better/ores/items/MithrilIngot.java
 fallondo.better.ores.items.MithrilIngot
fallondo/better/ores/blocks/AmetrinePillar.java
 fallondo.better.ores.blocks.AmetrinePillar
fallondo/better/ores/blocks/CitrineOre.java
 fallondo.better.ores.blocks.CitrineOre
fallondo/better/ores/blocks/AmetrineBlock.java
 fallondo.better.ores.blocks.AmetrineBlock
fallondo/better/ores/items/PrasioliteShards.java
 fallondo.better.ores.items.PrasioliteShards
fallondo/better/ores/blocks/CitrineSlab.java
 fallondo.better.ores.blocks.CitrineSlab
fallondo/better/ores/blocks/TinOre.java
 fallondo.better.ores.blocks.TinOre
fallondo/better/ores/blocks/TopazOre.java
 fallondo.better.ores.blocks.TopazOre
fallondo/better/ores/blocks/PrasioliteStairs.java
 fallondo.better.ores.blocks.PrasioliteStairs
fallondo/better/ores/items/CopperIngot.java
 fallondo.better.ores.items.CopperIngot
fallondo/better/ores/armor/EmeraldArmorMaterial.java
 fallondo.better.ores.armor.EmeraldArmorMaterial
fallondo/better/ores/items/AmethystShard.java
 fallondo.better.ores.items.AmethystShard
fallondo/better/ores/items/tools/CustomPickaxeItem.java
 fallondo.better.ores.items.tools.CustomPickaxeItem
fallondo/better/ores/items/tools/EnderiteToolMaterial.java
 fallondo.better.ores.items.tools.EnderiteToolMaterial
fallondo/better/ores/items/AmetrineShards.java
 fallondo.better.ores.items.AmetrineShards
fallondo/better/ores/armor/RubyArmorMaterial.java
 fallondo.better.ores.armor.RubyArmorMaterial
fallondo/better/ores/blocks/MithrilBlock.java
 fallondo.better.ores.blocks.MithrilBlock
fallondo/better/ores/BetterOres.java
 fallondo.better.ores.BetterOres
fallondo/better/ores/blocks/RubyOre.java
 fallondo.better.ores.blocks.RubyOre
fallondo/better/ores/blocks/CitrineStairs.java
 fallondo.better.ores.blocks.CitrineStairs
fallondo/better/ores/blocks/EnderiteOre.java
 fallondo.better.ores.blocks.EnderiteOre
fallondo/better/ores/items/tools/EmeraldToolMaterial.java
 fallondo.better.ores.items.tools.EmeraldToolMaterial
fallondo/better/ores/blocks/ChiseledAmetrineBlock.java
 fallondo.better.ores.blocks.ChiseledAmetrineBlock
